Taken from the abstract of `notes.pdf`:

Notes for Math 121A based on lectures given by Dr. Nikhil Srivastava in Spring
2015 at UC Berkeley in Berkeley, California.  The following notes assume basic
knowledge of series, multivariable calculus and linear algebra; however, the
first few sections are dedicated to the brief review of those topics.

For those of you scientists and engineers who have taken up to linear algebra &
multivariable calculus *but no further*, I entreat you to continue reading.
After the review, the sections on Complex and Harmonic Analysis demonstrate the
humbling power and beauty of higher-level mathematics.  While the topics are
perhaps not expressed here with the rigor that would satisfy a mathematician, I
hope that they can offer a stimulating preview of "upper division" mathematics.

Sections suffixed with an asterix, i.e. the `*` symbol, are generally
"optional" in that they don't *necessarily* have applicability to the physical
sciences. However, they are often quite beautiful and/or significant within
pure mathematics.

---

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img
alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0"
src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span
xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Text"
property="dct:title" rel="dct:type">Notes for Math 121A</span> by <a
xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="github.com/HarrisonB/Math121A"
property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Harrison Bachrach</a> is
licensed under a <a rel="license"
href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
